Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Chinese firms going big.
This massive fundraising exercise is
markets rally. Alibaba raising more than
$3 billion in this year's biggest
convertible bond sale while NEO also
hitting the markets, raising $1 billion
in a share sale. Now, stocks in Asia
trading mostly higher ahead of US
inflation data after that soft PPI print
listed Wall Street and reinforcing bets
on a Fed rate cut next week.
>> Plus, our exclusive with the UBS CEO
Sergio Mati on the economic impact of
tariffs, banking regulation, and China's
deal making boom.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the show.
About, you know, as recently as about, I
would call it 20 minutes back, we were
looking at still some red. Now it's
mostly green. So you have certainly the
Nicke and the Cosby extending the gains
that we had yesterday. Keep in mind,
global stocks already on a six-day run.
we could get number seven just judging
by the momentum that we've seen in the
last uh let's call it hour and a half or
so now. So you have the Cosby index up
310 of 1%. That market closed at a
record yesterday and of course as we are
continuing to push higher as far as
that's concerned that's now eight days
longest win streak in Korea uh going
back about two and a half years. This is
one market we're tracking as well uh
going into the session today. TSMC of
course uh and coming up bottom of screen
shares as well. Certainly monthly sales
indicative again consistent with this
long bullish AI theme. Whether that's
monthly exports numbers coming out of
Taiwan, whether that's these numbers
coming out of TSMC boom out of the gates
up two and a half% uh over in Taiwan.
That now takes us to the macro picture.
You have the twos and tens in Japan.
5-year bond auction yesterday. You have
the 10-year yield coming up. And of
course this I think it's a five days now
of a flattening in the curve. Well five
days going into today we're slightly
steeper on the fives and 30s right now.
Dollar is holding steady. We're looking
at some possible breakouts and we'll see
what happens with the euro. We'll talk
about that later on. But certainly
inflation print coming through today is
the key data point going into I think
it's 2.9%. Thank you so much uh for that
reminder there. Okay. Overnight we
talked about Alibaba likely to open
slightly to the downside today. You have
NEO, of course, and quite a big move
there. And of course, New Oriental
Education is another stock that we're
tracking going into the open today, 6%
to the upside. All that being said,
we're talking 9 days now of inflows
coming into Hong Kong via the Stock
Connect. Futures are pointing lower,
materially lower, actually. We haven't
really seen moves like this this time of
the day. And perhaps that's the Alibaba
story. We can get to that later on.
Dollar China though is still on the path
lower with both the offshore and the
onshore rate now trading at the
strongest level since about early
November of last year. And take a look
at that. We have now a 1.8% handle on
the Chinese 10year yield. Ivon.
>> Yeah, certainly one to watch whether we
do see a bit of a pause in this rally
here given the Alibaba news as well or
is this going to be just dip buying for
a lot of the investors out there. You
take a look what is on the agenda here
today. So of course there's an MPC
standing committee meeting as well. We
talked about the southbound flows. So
nine straight days we'll see if we see
number 10 today. So we talked about
Alibaba, NEO, China Pacific as well. You
could add the three that basically have
been raising money in this market as
well. Offshore women B of course the
strength that we've been talking about
and we're still waiting for that data
coming out when it comes to credit and
FDI as well. But but certainly it's
quite opportunistic that these companies
are coming in right when when we're
talking about a bull run here. I think
they're taking advantage of that to
really kind of raise some money. Even,
you know, Alibaba has a massive cash
pile as well. So, you got to wonder why
they're doing this too
>> and what they're doing it for, right? A
lot of that is going to data centers and
I think it's so it this deal actually
reminded me to brush up on what they've
done already so far. The last 12 months
I think they had a convertible. I think
they also raised some money and I think
uh in a moment we'll be reminded of that
as well. So, I think they've had two
cash calls already in the last 12 months
or so. So I think I I'll stand corrected
of course if if I'm getting that wrong
but in any case of course yes this is
just the latest iteration of these
markets underscoring the confident
that's back in these equity markets.
>> Yeah. So certainly that might help or
not. Uh we'll see. But Alibaba as we
mentioned like ADRs did follow some 2%.
So NEO what collapse about seven or
eight% uh in the US sessions. So that
brings a lot to the the key sort of
thing that investors are watching which
is the CPI print later on today out in
the US. And I think the PPI run was
pretty benign. So I think that helped
kind of bring up all the Fed pricing and
the like. But I think it's interesting,
right, whether we see a hot print in the
CPI or core CPI this time around. Does
that lead the discussion to can the Fed
only kind of cut once this year? That's
according to what Anna Wong and her team
at BE is talking about.
>> Yeah, the market's pricing almost three
cuts in the remainder, let's call it
two, three meetings or so. So there is
some room for disappointment, but how
bad does that CPI need to be to then
remove? I think I think the cut for
September might largely be baked in
already. It's the one after that
>> uh that people are contending with as
well. But again, the PPI print, if you
remember this time last month, was what
really kicked up this latest hawkish
tilt coming through because it was very
hot PPI number then. It was fairly
benign to your point uh the one we got
overnight.
>> Yeah, it's not going to be about tariffs
uh as they say. It maybe more be about
services, airs, hotels, the like as
well. But let's get to our top story
here this morning. Alibaba seeking to
raise $3.17 billion in an offering of
zero coupon convertible notes and that's
set to be the biggest transaction of its
kind so far this year. Let's bring in
our team Asia Equities reporter Jeannie
Yu. She's here with us in the studio and
also joining us from Taipei is our tech
reporter Annabelle Jewelers. Jeannie,
I'll start with you. What do we know at
this point about this? Um yes obviously
um if you look at the ADRs um you know
post the post um in the extended trading
um we did see some um negative reaction
um but when we talk to investors um yes
um this is a very normal profit taking
or convertible arbitrage where some
investors they would choose to buy the
bond and then short the stock in the
meantime. So yes, there will be um
negative reactions for their shares in
the near term. Uh but then in the longer
term when we talk to people um they feel
like this is kind of like a positive for
their business because consider zero
coupon bond is like they don't have any
interest payments in the near term and
in the meantime um they got the cash to
fund their AI um AI AI AI expansion
their cloud infrastructure which is the
core business of um Alibaba. Um so I
think uh all in all like some people
even um tell me they're going to buy buy
on dives you know for any potential
arbitrage uh related um um correction
share correction. Um and then the other
thing was looking at is like um the
structure of the convertible bond is
like they don't have the um delta
placement arrangements. So they only
have like the cap call options which
means like um there could be some
potential dilution effect for Alibaba
shares. Um but the terms is really
strict because you it's only like 1%
dilution effect if the shares rise more
than 60%. Um in seven years from now so
which means like that kind of dilution
impact is a little bit far away. So um I
doubt that will create a lot of concerns
in the market for
>> and it's only I believe an ADR deal as
well. Bel can I bring you in here at
this point? So we know that they're
raising the money. What are they using
the money for is a key question there.
That's I guess where you come in, Bill.
>> Yeah. Well, I think we know that it's
going to be about 80% on their AI
efforts, about 20% on on the rest of the
business. But I think it's really
important Jeannie just mentioned there
that yeah, they're sort of
opportunistically taking advantage of
that run up in the share price. And of
course, it's very advantageous to the
company, but also when it comes to their
AI spending, well capitalized, but but
their AI spending is actually really
expensive. And I think we saw that in
the latest results. So just diving into
the details and this was also covered in
a Bloomberg intelligence report that was
led by Robert Lee a couple of weeks ago.
But essentially investors like the AI
story for the company but as I said it's
spending a lot of money in these efforts
as well. So in the 3 months period
ending June for instance for the fiscal
first quarter we actually saw their
their free cash flow swinging to an
outflow of $2.6 billion. Capex during
the period as well tripled to more than
$5 billion. And then as well you've got
what actually the company's getting.
What's their ROI? And that is still
fairly small. Yes, it's rising and again
investors really like that story of the
gains we were seeing in terms of their
AI revenue. But still on an adjusted EBA
basis for that fiscal first quarter. It
only came in at around just over $400
million around $410 million. So the
company is clearly focused right now on
expanding its user base. It's not so
much focused on expanding its gross
margin. And so it does actually be
needing or does need rather to to raise
more money.
And certainly we saw I mean they're
throwing a billion remmbb of incentives
in in in the whole AAP uh boost as well.
>> And it was quite interesting. I mean we
we brought the story to viewers
yesterday but then we saw Mtoan later on
actually respond to that and also saying
they also have enhanced AI features in
their app as well. Where are we now in
this whole sort of rivalry between the
two?
>> I mean I think we're grizzly. You know,
it's it's very it's very tough. And we
know, of course, that there really no
company is backing down. JD.com, Muan,
Alibaba, all of those are really still
fighting over this food delivery, quick
commerce, uh, war battle or however you
want to call it. But essentially, yeah,
what we saw from Alibaba is that they're
spending $140 million on incentives for
users of the AAP platform. So, this is
sort of a Google Maps sort of equivalent
in China, but it has new features as
well, and they're putting in this AI
integration. And it's going to have
rankings for things like restaurants or
or local tourist attractions, businesses
as well. And so for users that are doing
things like taking car trips, uh
ordering out or ordering in in
restaurants as well, they'll have those
incentives in place. As you said, we had
the clapback from from Mtoan. They also
announced that they're going to be
enhancing their own platform Dian Ping
with AI as well and also rolling out
incentives. So I think it just really
underscores again uh this battle is far
from one right now.
It it does seem though the initial
uh initial opinion coming from markets
bell is in favor of Alibaba simply
looking at the share price to your point
the run up there and the opposite
certainly on direction with maidto and I
think just to also mention uh Ellie Jang
and her team at mccquory came out
yesterday and cut their recommendation
on mtoan to underperform with I believe
what should be now let me let me just
verify that very briefly is a street low
>> at 75 5 Hong Kong dollars a pop. Uh,
Genie, I'll bring you in in this as
well. It's So, we've talked about the
Alibaba part of the story. Uh, there are
other companies coming to this market,
which I guess underscores how hot this
ECM market's been. There's NEO, of
course, and there's also China Pacific.
>> Yes. Yes. Um, I think especially for
NEO, NEO is totally a different story.
You see the ADRs plunging almost 9%. Um,
I think I think in general people are
really really concerned recently about
the ongoing price wars. Um in the EV
sector, you know, everyone is kind of uh
rushing to cut prices for the new model
given that the government tries to put a
cap on, you know, on how much they can
lower the price prices for the existing
models. Um and also for those new models
is it's a little bit hard for them to
control the margin and also to kind of
have some differentiation in in in those
models. So I think it is uh it is to me
it is a tougher landscape, you know,
facing all the automakers. um especially
you know for smaller players like Neo
>> Genie fantastic thank you so much team
that was Genie you there our Asia
equities reporting of course in Taipei
for us is Belle uh our tech
correspondent on really the AI and tech
overlay across uh all of these things
and maybe just to even mention that as
well so markets are shaking off this
what what would have been this rather
zombie-like approach to the open today
but this AI thing keeps coming and keeps
really booming let me just mention this
All right. TSMC out of the gates 2 and a
half%. SK Highix trading substantially
to the upside. We're now hitting the
highest level there on SKH Highix in 25
years. Another stock on your screens,
Advent, that's a record high for that
specific semiconductor stock over in
Japan.
>> And I think I mean what happened to
Oracle again overnight like 36% pop
>> I think you could say a jump really the
most since 1992. It wasn't just the
outlook on the cloud business where some
say it was quite aggressive but they've
really cemented their place in this race
to support demand for AI computing right
at one point Larry Ellison became the
world's richest person for a few hours
uh just on that rally itself. So they've
been talking about this deal with open
AI as well to supply what four and a
half gawatts worth of data center
capacity right so that certainly does
add to a lot of the momentum there as
well. Coming up next, we'll be talking
markets with Barclays and why they
expect yeah three Fed rate cuts this
year as well. Also getting their outlook
when it comes to European equities in
China and the like. There we're counting
down the open of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. So, we're
sandwiched between a PPI print, which
was uneventful to the positive side. And
let's hope that's the case. Otherwise,
it's going to be a complicated
conversation we'll be having tomorrow.
Estimates on your screens, that's
consensus. We're coming from a prior
read to the right side of your screen.
So, a pickup and headline and of course
you make your way down the list and it
go gets into core core and of course the
sequential monthly indicators.
Currently, I'm looking at my screens. Uh
we're looking at Fed fund futures or
swaps
pricing in. So, we have three more
meetings, right? September 17, October
29. I'm talking in Asia dates. December
10 FMC for the year and we're looking at
2.8 cuts. Let's call it three cuts
price.
>> Call it three. Yeah. right now. Um let's
bring in Emanuel Ku, head of European
equity strategy at Barclays as well. Uh
their house view is also for three cuts
this year from the Fed. Um I mean does
this inflation data at all derail or
potentially could derail this equity run
that we're seeing across the world right
now?
>> Yeah, I think you need a very very high
inflation surprise to derail this story.
I mean President Powell told us look we
are going to look through inflation. We
are mostly worried about the labor
market. We want to prevent the slowdown
in the US economy. So we are going to
cut anyway. Uh and the view look
inflation is transitory right. So I
think you need a very very high
inflation data to really challenge this
doish pricing in the market at least in
the short term.
>> Equity markets have done exceptionally
well this year. Do you see any any
reason to doubt whether this can
continue or not? Is there any visible
risk out there that might awaken this
lowvall environment we're in currently?
>> Look, I think the elephant in the room
is the labor market, right? I think the
the equity market the financial market
are seeing the glass hal full i.e. They
want fed cut more than anything else.
Right? So I think this easing in
financial condition is what the market
was waiting for a long time. I think the
challenge to this goldilocks narrative
is if you see further weakness in the
labor market ultimately if you need if
you get another sharp repricing lower in
interest rate I think can only come with
weaker labor market data and that could
challenge the view that you know
earnings will be resilient, consumer
will be resilient. So I think the market
now is repricing the you know maybe a
bit of peak goldilocks narrative and
obviously the reality check could be you
get further weakness in the labor market
down the road that start to come with
some concern about earnings and and the
consumer.
>> It seems like this AI trade has once
again reinvigorated you know animal
spirits and the like and this time it
seems to be very focused on cloud. How
should I position now around the whole
AI theme? I mean firstly this is
something which in our view will keep us
ahead of the pack right to have a pro-
US allocation in our global allocation
look AI is a massive engine of this US
dominance I also think it plays for the
Chinese equity markets right so the AI
superpowers are US and China you know
coming from Europe I'm bit frustrated
because Europe has missed this AI train
right so I think um that's something
which will continue to benefit the US
equity market now from a sectoral
standpoint you know like tech broadly
but I guess you know what marketing is
looking at now is more AI adoption you
know who will win from integrating using
adopting AI there's a lot of investment
there's a massive capex as we know at
some point the market will ask for for
for the benefit that who is winning from
investing and using AI in in the right
way right so we like us we like China
but I think beyond that what we are
looking for is what are the companies
which are really benefit from this
massive investment in AI and start to
improve productivity and cut cost cut
cost dramatically.
>> How how does the China story to your
point you're here talking to CL how does
the story of of China resonate in
Europe?
>> Look I I think you have um you have
different teams on China. I think um the
macro is still an issue right? So if you
look at European sectors they do care a
lot about Chinese macro. So luxury good,
commodities, materials have been really
struggling this year because people are
still not sure about the efficiency of
stimulus and and and the potential for
more stimulus in China. Now I think
along those so there's this concern
about China macro but there's a lot of
optimism on the liquidity uh support
that we are seeing in China. You know
we've seen the Chinese equity market
really performing strongly. Um and I
think there's this AI support as well,
right? So it's a bit about AI and
liquidity more than you know stimulus
macro. Now I think the new teams the new
hot team in turn is this anti-involution
campaign and whether this is really
going to put a an end to this kind of
never ending deflationary spiral. Um
market wants to see some evidence of
that but looks like people are willing
to give it a benefit of the doubt right
now. When it comes to AI in China, I
mean, even just when it comes to some of
the hot sectors like biotech, which have
been on fire this year, it seems like
investors are much more receptive of
just the hope of these companies that
the hope is that all this mass
investment and the like despite the fact
that they don't make any profits is
going to translate to something in in
the near horizon. That wasn't the case a
few years ago where people were really
looking for earnings and looking for
fundamentals. Do you think the
psychology of this market has changed
quite a bit and how investors look at
it? I I I think so. I mean I think this
is starting to change, right? So what we
are seeing first is that the Chinese
equity market is somewhat decorrelating
from the macro, right? So economy has
been pretty stuck in a range for a
while. Inflation is low, corporate
profit are very low and yet the equity
market is booming. The best market in
the last few months globally is a
Chinese equity market despite the
economy basically disappointing you know
global investors. So I think it's a bit
more idiosyncratic now. people are
looking for a secular growth team at the
sector level whether it's a biotech etc.
So I think there's a bit of bottom up um
you know maybe approach to the Chinese
equity market right before it used to be
a pretty much a macro trade right
>> how much you know at some point earnings
people will start looking for earnings
so far liquidity has been able to tide
over that that that that sort of time
gap just from experience looking at this
market low rates a lot of momentum a lot
of hope
>> these reinvigored spirits how long do
you think these sort of periods of this
goldilux period tend tend to last.
>> I mean, I think from from a global
standpoint, again, I think we are
working a very fine line. I think we we
can keep the party going as long as we
don't see a meaningful heat to the uh to
the labor market. It's all about the
consumer in the US. As long as the
consumer is holding up, I think the
equity market will still look the noise
and the kind of short-term disruption in
the data. If you start to say, as I said
before, if you start to see a properly
weak labor market, if you start to see
negative payrolls and things like that,
I think the market will start to
question the efficacy of this Fed put
and and and and start to question the
earning story as well. So, we are
working a fine line because, you know,
when easily go to the to the wrong side
and given the very low volatility, even
though we are quite bullish, we think
hedging the the left tail is is relevant
and and is sensible in this market.
Yeah,
>> I mean European equities have done quite
well even you know better than US in
some ways this year a lot of his focus
not really on the growth story but
really value does that continue and and
what's the best way to look at at the
European equities
>> yeah the banks have done very well
>> yeah there is a bit of growth revival in
Europe I mean that's mostly coming from
Germany you know Germany is going to
spend 10% of GDP next 10 year to
stimulate the economy so that that's a
big driver of of the domestic uh you
know sectors in Europe so we've seen the
financials as you said the banks have
been a very strong performer European
banks are up almost 50% this year.
Construction materials, you know,
domestic sector like you know consumer
have done extremely well. Uh I think
what has been an issue for Europe most
recently is a currency appreciation.
Euro has gone up significantly against
the US dollar and a big chunk of
European earnings are coming from abroad
and you know the currency has been a
drag. So I think what we need to see for
Europe to be uh you know performing
further from here is some degree of
stability in the currency. We need to
see this export-driven sector starting
to participate as well.
>> Emanuel, nice to see you in town. Let's
do this again next time you're back the
spot at the world. Emanuel Q there, head
of European equity strategy at Barclays
going into the open today under 6
minutes away. Futures at current pricing
looking like this. We're looking
obviously at Alibaba. More on that in a
moment. This is the China show. Good
morning,
[Music]
>> the Carlo version.
>> All right, uh welcome back. You're
watching the China show. Just a quick
preview of markets. Obviously, Alibaba
NIO with all the cash calls coming
through, we're looking at some declines
for both those names. Uh the other thing
that I I suspect we'll spend a lot more
time in the next few minutes or so is
this sell down we're seeing
substantially in the bio space and we're
down 7 and a half% in the early goings.
The biggest drop on in this cohort going
back to April 7th of this year. More on
this plus the top stories in China. The
opening bell is coming up next. This is
Boom.
[Music]
Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China Show, counting down
to the open of trade. And just when you
thought this AI rally was exhibiting
short-term signs of overheating, it
seems like this rally has regenerative
stem cells coming in because it seems
like we keep on going with this. Let me
tell you, Adventest,
uh, SK Highix, TSMC are all seeing
substantial gains and perhaps that's
really what's carrying the load outside
of greater China. Uh, but apart from
that, obviously we're looking at other
things of course in this mainland
market. Ivon, what's top of mind for
you? I think I think Oracle was
certainly another another day of of a
massive rally there that might be
fueling some of these sort of chip
stocks and the like here in the region.
You have TSMC sales that were north of
30% or so in August. So certainly that
did help once again invigorate that as
semi sort of trade here. But certainly
we we're focusing on maybe a potential
pullback in the Chinese market here
today and that might be because of
Alibaba. We'll talk about that in just a
second. Onore markets are doing this.
We're slightly to the downside here
today. Uh and we're watching very
closely, right? because you're still
seeing the likes of Cambercon. There you
go. The chip space continues to be on
fire here. We're up close to 2% uh in
that Asare market as well. Uh and we're
watching very closely some of these
yields. That 30-year yield is now down
one basis point. So, we'll see if we do
see that rotation out of course uh the
stock into bonds once again because
certainly that could be the case when it
comes to Alibaba, right? With this the
biggest convertible bond sale that we've
seen this year. Uh there is a arbitrage
opportunity here, right? where you might
actually buy the bond uh by shorting the
stock. So that we might see that because
the ADRs for Alibaba did fall some 2% or
so. We saw that with NEO, which was
basically the collapsing of the ADRs of
8% or so. Flip the boards to show Hong
Kong here and see how some of these
stocks are doing uh in Hong Kong. Um but
yeah, certainly that could be a
short-term sort of possibility as
Jeannie you mentioned there. There you
go. Alibaba is down 2%. Might that be a
buying opportunity for some who are
believing in this whole AI trade? But
it's interesting, right? Uh you talk
about the amount of investment um you
know BI BI as Katherryn Lim talked about
this with this convertible bond uh is it
a sign that he Alibaba is really in a
heavy investment cycle and particularly
when it comes to cloud infrastructure as
well and that the competition in China
is so fierce that it is now starting to
weigh on cash generation as well. Might
that be a concern for the market
particularly when they're throwing what
100 1 billion rem into subsidies when it
comes to its maps and stuff right and
that really is continue to show the
fierce competition between Alibaba Mtoan
and JD as well when it comes to food
delivery right so there you go mtoan
shares though we did see that pop of 2%
after they kind of countered yesterday
uh with their AI enhancements they say
that they're going to have on the app as
well but it's really coming this whole
AAP sort of thing is really becoming
more of a navigation tool but more so
now becoming a leisure app like a Yelp
like sort of app like Damping as well.
You throw up the boards and see what
other movers are watching very closely.
So we talked about Neo. So yeah, this is
a different story, right? Alibaba is
certainly raising money to kind of
continue to invest in AI. It's still in
some ways a positive story, but NEO is
really about talking about how they
really are kind of very not so well in
this whole price war in in EVs and they
are needing to for cash as well. So NEO
shares, we'll check those as well. There
you go. We're down some 4% right now.
Biotech got to watch this, right? This
is one of the hottest sectors that we've
seen in this rally. We are seeing a bit
of a pullback here today. So, the New
York Times reporting that President
Trump might be considering restrictions
when it comes to some medicines from
China. Severe restrictions as they say.
We're not quite sure on details here
right now, but the knee-jerk reaction is
this right now, Dave.
>> Yeah. U in fact, Morgan Stanley just
commenting on that specific one. And I
think while I read this out, just have a
look at the biotech index itself. So
we're down actually the most there uh
since April 7th on that benchmark
itself. Well that that sector benchmark
and it's also worth pointing out this
has really been one of the best
performing uh pockets of this equity
market. So hence the temptation to
scratch that itch and take that profit.
I mentioned Morgan Stanley uh they're
commenting on this. We expect the
proposed measures to potentially pose
impediments but they should not
meaningfully impede the dynamics
propelling the flow of innovation. Oo,
that's a long sentence with a lot of
multi-yllable words. Uh, fancy fancy
>> basically saying
>> no issue here.
>> No issue here.
>> Yeah, there we go.
>> It's not going to stop the innovation
going on. Yeah,
>> let's uh it's it's time for a look as
well at some of the other top stories
and some of the things making headlines
across national media. Uh so, state
media is reporting on comments from
finance minister Lan at the NPC standing
committee. Now, Shinua says LAN has
pledged to improve its policy toolbox
and maintain policy consistency as well
as sustaining efforts to stabilize these
markets. Now, he also said the
government will actively encourage the
development of private investment. Okay,
the financial papers, let's have a
glance at that. What are we looking at
here? Uh, some are reporting on the
strong performance of Chinese hedge
funds this year amidst this market
rally. Looking at industry data,
Securities News says their average
returns have hit nearly 25%
year-to- date. Meanwhile, you have funds
using quantitative strategies. Oo, fancy
again. Uh, reporting returns here of 28%
outperforming discretionary funds.
>> Yeah. So, certainly there's a lot of
certain, you know, there's so much
animal spirits, right? It's not just the
equity market, right, that we've been
talking about. And we're we're getting
to a pretty interesting sort of
milestone here as well. If you bring up
the chart, for the first time, the
amount of money pouring in and out of
China in search of investment
opportunities is actually exceeding the
value of goods and services its trade
engines generate as well. So you talked
about the hot stock rally, heavy trading
of Chinese banks in terms of short-term
debt have really contributed to the
increase when it comes to these crossber
money movements. Dave,
>> yeah, let's get the context here and
what this perhaps means for efforts to
internationalize the currency among
among other things. Ken Chan, who leads
our Asia FX and rates coverage here, is
here with us on sets to just help us. I
think we'll start with a simple a simple
question here. How do all of these
things actually aid China's efforts to
challenge dollar dominance?
>> Yeah, that's a good question. So overall
um the long story short uh this
development just means that China's
efforts um of opening the market has
have been bearing fruit and that
eventually will fit into its ultimate
policy goal um of internationalizing the
UN and challenging the dollar's
dominance and um right now it's also
happening in an interesting window
because now we are seeing this global
trend of dorization because people are
growing concerned with Trump's policies
as well as the dollar's haven status. Um
so China actually has been uh stepping
up the efforts of of opening the markets
um since the start of this year. Of
course this is a multi-year process but
this year we are seeing a acceleration
of this push. Um so overall we are
seeing um China uh setting up a fast
payment system with Hong Kong and
allowing more potentially allowing more
QD QD quota. Uh so China is steadily
moving towards the goal of letting uh
the flows under the financial account to
be more robust. So how does that feed
into China's goal of internationalizing
the UN? So it creates a deeper and
bigger pool of CN offshore UN liquidity
pool um in the offshore market and um
and that's going to allow more foreign
investors to tap the CH and to buy
onshore assets. So all that will fit
into the ultimate goal. The big caveat
is that even though we are now seeing
China's financial flows matching the the
current account trade flows um it's
still falling far short behind what
we're seeing in the US and Japan. So in
Japan uh the financial flows versus
current account flows and for the US can
easily surpass 10 to one but for China
it's now one to one. So we are still
pretty far away from the developed.
>> So I mean you mentioned about the surge
in financial flows. It's still not
anything compared to US and Japan but
how do you see these flows evolving
moving forward? evolving going forward.
Um the the market players that we talked
to, they all say that it's going to
continue to increase and eventually um
it's going to take down uh current not
take down but surpass um current account
by a more and more significant amount.
Uh but they do say that it's going to be
a very gradual process because we all
know that China when China open when
China does anything, it's going to be
two steps forward and one step back
because it really wants stability. It
doesn't want crazy capital outflows in
in and out and uh it doesn't want UN
instability. So it's going to do it very
very gradually to make sure that the
protest system is in place and um China
still even after those reforms they
still have the capital controls in place
is that they are dialing down a little
bit but when they say crazy outflows
they can easily turn the switch on and
uh control the flows very easily. So
it's going to be gradual. It's going to
going to be a gradual process. That
that's a good point and you know I mean
certainly we're seeing momentum policy
initiative you know a lot of what you
mentioned is also under China's control
and their ability to control the pace of
opening what are the primary whether
that's external or internal challenges
or constraints then that then sort of
might impede the process
>> um is um I wouldn't I think the biggest
challenge I wouldn't say that I wouldn't
call it a challenge but a dilemma um is
because the PBOC almost wants two things
that are contradictory. It wants
liberaliz liberalization of the markets
but at the same time it wants control of
of the markets at the same time. So kind
of want yeah the impossible trinity
theory. Um so I think the the um I would
say the the the challenge or the dilemma
there is that al always have to pace it
very carefully. Um so that can slow down
the whole process. That's why we're
talking about um two steps forward and
one step down. Sometimes people would
say, "Oh, is China pausing the um
opening up push or is that China even
reversing the push?" Um so there are
going to be doubts along the way. U but
overall I I I don't think China is going
to backpedal the the whole reform. Um
but it's just going to be very slow.
>> Fantastic. Kenchan there who
>> we've missed you.
>> Yeah, I know how Jen, right? So let's do
this more often. Uh and you can catch of
course uh her team's work and this
fantastic piece. It's on the Bloomberg
terminal today for our Bloomberg
collective. It's also on the internet in
case you have a connection. All right.
Uh let's let's talk about UBS. So uh we
we spoke to CEO early. He joined us here
on set about two hours back here. So
he's in town for this big tech
conference. Uh so we talked about a many
things. One of which was Switzerland's
overhaul of uh these requirements to for
the bank to set aside more capital. It
certainly handicaps he says the
competitive advantage of local banks not
just UBS. So we did speak with Sergio
Mati earlier and he says that backing
regulation debate is a huge distraction.
We do accept that there is a necessity
to fine-tune many aspect of regulation
in Switzerland but uh on capital I think
uh uh the requ the requirements that are
proposed are excessive and they are not
really targeted to address what happened
at Kiswis. So we are engaged with in the
in the public debates and uh and in the
next uh uh few quarters we will see some
outcome of the political uh process.
>> Shrinking the bank is is not something
that you prefer.
>> You know that the franchise is
Swissbased and your global franchise
gives you that competitive advantage.
The reason I I I frame it that way is I
wonder and risking oversimplifying a
complex issue here. Does the regulation
in some way handicap the Swiss
competitiveness when it comes to
banking?
>> Well, of course, when when when you have
a a proposal that uh would see our bank
having to hold, you know, 50% more
capital than your competitors, then of
course you would have a an impact on
that. But uh you know it's difficult for
me to see a successful uh global
organization that is very close to
clients that is very resilient and
strong in terms of capital uh uh
embracing a strategy of shrinking as a
good way to succeed in the future. So uh
we are very focused uh to keep our
global footprint
>> and the message you would give to
investors, clients, employees that you
know hear this almost on a regular basis
concerns around the bank shrinking and
whether or not that's fully under your
control. What is the message that you're
able to give at this point in time?
Well, it's I think that uh uh we and the
board of directors and and and the
executive board are very determined to
continue to execute our successful
strategy and shrinking is not an option.
>> How about the headquarter headquarters
that conversation there?
>> No, but you know, we we want to continue
to operate as a successful uh uh global
bank based out of Switzerland.
>> The the management committee and
yourself wouldn't be doing the job if
you weren't planning for plan B's or
plan C's. Not to speculate, of course,
but what what are some of the worstc
case scenarios that have been gamed out
in the event you need to start
entertaining some of these options?
>> Well, the worst case scenario is quite
clear. It's already on the table. So, I
think that that one is a scenario that
uh we will we will need to to evaluate
and and and understand, but is is is
definitely too early to jump on on on
commenting any potential scenario and
what our responses will be. Of course,
uh yeah, the requirements as as they are
are very punitive and and excessive and
and therefore we would need to think
about how to protect our shareholders
and and our stakeholders interest.
>> Understood. And I think just to to
clarify that point because in in my head
there are two things here. It's it's
either you set aside more capital or the
headquarter question. I know that's
oversimplifying the the equation here,
but do I take it then that you would
rather put up more capital than move the
move the bank out of Switzerland?
>> No, I mean look, our preferred option is
to have a reasonable outcome of this uh
regulatory changes that are is
addressing uh is addressing uh the
lessons the true lessons learned from
what happened at CI Swiss and not uh
simplistic
options. and we want to continue to
operate out of Switzerland based on that
kind of of regime.
>> What's your sense of the global economy
and where do you think we will be in in
in 6 months time? Are we going to be
better off or worse off?
>> Well, look, you know, the issues that I
I don't think we have seen really the
true impact of tariffs playing out in in
in the economies. Of course, when you
look at Asia and China in particularly,
it's fairly robust. uh you know 5% you
know comfortably about 5% GDP is is
quite quite a strong uh uh uh um
momentum
>> two good-looking gentlemen there of
course the UBS CEO and yours yours truly
clearly only one person is convinced on
your screen all right coming up on shows
here in fact uh Mr. in town of course
for the UBS tech conference, disruptive
tech conference. We'll be live of course
out of there with the found of how
they're actually shaping the pipeline
and competing in Asia's fastest biotech
markets. Uh yeah, Pierce Ingram joins us
of course to talk us through what
they're doing with their business.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
The UBS Disruptive Tech CEO Summit is
underway here in the city and bringing
together industry pioneers and leaders
to discuss innovations and advancements.
Now, our next guest is the co-founder
and CEO of biotech firm Hummingbird
BioScience known for developing
antibodies for cancer. Piers Ingram
joins us now. Uh Piers, it's great to
have you and yeah, we'll try to cut
through some of the noise there, but I
want to get your take. I mean, you're
you're a Singaporeanbased biotech
company, but there hasn't been a lot of
headlines that we just talked about with
President Trump considering some severe
restrictions on Chinese drugs, for
example. How does a headline like that,
you know, how do you react to something
like that? And does it actually change
or impact the innovation that's going on
the industry now?
>> I think biotech innovation uh has always
been incredibly global. Um science uh as
we know is is a global pursuit and uh
drug development uh particularly in
something as important as cancer uh I
think is very much um not restricted to
to one geography or another. That said,
I we all know the importance of the of
the US market and I think some of the uh
considerations that uh the US policy
environment has proposed. I think the um
understandable considerations about how
to um ensure that there's uh equity and
a fair development of the of the
industry. uh but I think for the most
part for the area of the industry that
we're involved in which is a relatively
early stage uh from fundamental
discovery through to the the proof of
concept um it's it's less impacted by
these types of uh of changes.
>> So So Pierce thank you so much for yeah
giving us the sort of big picture big
picture take there on perhaps changing
regulation. I want to focus in now on on
what your company does and we'll get to
the fundraising in a moment and that's a
that's a cue for the next maybe question
later on but tell us what what are you
busy with this year?
Yeah. So the company started uh a decade
ago really with a vision of applying
this next generation of technologies to
to drug discovery trying to make uh drug
discovery and development uh much more
of a of an engineering and optimization
problem. And I think uh the uh the kind
of low success uh science-based endeavor
that it's been over a long time and the
acceleration of technology in the last
uh 3 4 years has has really helped us
out. Um we have a number of drugs in the
clinic at the moment. um in uh mid-stage
clinical trials that we're very excited.
We hope to uh potentially enter
registrational studies um as soon as
next year for the uh for the LEAP
program and we have a number of other
drugs coming up behind that. Uh so yeah,
we're very focused on uh the development
of our internal pipeline.
>> Here's uh we've talked about China
biotech. I mean this is a sector that is
some say is seeking has having a deep
seat moment here right now in terms of
the amount of innovation and it's
rapidly sort of grown. Um how how does
Hummingbird deal with that sort of
competition? I mean they are seeing a
lot of progress in the anti-body space
which you operate in as well. How does
Hummingbird stand out and would you
consider partnering with any Chinese
companies?
Yeah, I think uh like all overnight
success, it's uh taken a decade and uh I
I think um Hummingbird and uh many of
our colleagues have been working in this
ecosystem over this last decade and have
been know delighted to see the
development of this industry um here in
the region. Uh so I think it's it's not
a sudden change um as far as we're
concerned and it's great to see the uh
the fruits um of all of the work that
people have done being recognized and
starting to have a real impact uh for
patients. Um again for our view is that
biotech is an incredibly global
endeavor. Um there are real strengths uh
that the ecosystem in China has had uh
particularly in some of the
manufacturing and um early research
activities and increasingly in clinical
development. Uh but clinical trials
particularly as we get to the later
stages of them uh generally require uh
patients from um different regions to to
participate in them. So we know how
these drugs work uh in different
populations. And I think we are also
looking at running our trials here in
China as well.
>> Okay. Understood. Pierce, can I just ask
you about the financing part of the
business and perhaps when that comes in
and how that affects your your plans
moving forward or your capacity to I
believe you're also looking to expand
your pipeline of of of drugs as well.
Correct me if I'm wrong. The last time I
believe that you raised financing was
four years ago in 2021. Are you planning
any fundraising and is an IPO perhaps in
your near future?
>> Uh I think it's certainly something that
we're actively considering. Um the the
market in uh 2020 2021 as we know uh it
was it was a good time. Um and there was
a lot of optimism about the biotech
industry and the last 3 four years have
been very challenging for the whole
industry and uh we've seen a lot of good
companies and a lot of good science
unfortunately um have to take a backseat
to the the realities of the financial
environment. Um it's great now to see uh
renewed interest in this industry um
from investors and I think again coupled
with the advances in technology some of
the new modalities um there's I think
good reason for that uh excitement um
and so yes I think for us um given the
stage of some of the programs that we're
working on thinking about how to ensure
that the company is uh well capitalized
and potentially including um a public
market strategy
>> peers thank you so much for for joining
us. I know that there's a bit of noise
in the background. So, thank you also
for being a good sport and hopefully
things came uh quite clear. Uh
co-founder and CEO at Hummingbird uh Bio
Science in the next hour of course we'll
be hearing and also live and hopefully
not as noisy with the founder and CEO of
VC firm uh 3CGI partners on the
investment opportunities they're seeing
in AI. Esther Wong joins us at those
times on your screens.
[Music]
It's not crash.
All right, we've been talking about
biotech. Let's continue that theme here
today. U quite a bit of a sell-off here
when it comes to to these China drug
companies here as well. This report from
New York Times that the Trump
administration has been discussing
severe restrictions on medicines from
the ch China market there. So certainly
that's one to watch. Uh what does it
mean? Does it mean some executive
orders? Everything's kind of been kind
of lightly been talked about here as
well. But Morgan Stanley say look it it
might not actually lead to any sort of
impact on innovation, but for now it
could actually have some impediments in
the near term. You're watching the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. Just a half hour
into the session here. And yeah, we're
still seeing some green though, modestly
higher. But you take a look at offshore
and Hong Kong. We're down some 1% here
on MEI China and the Hangen here this
morning. And I think you got to blame
one company, Alibaba, here today, Dave.
>> Yeah, down about 2%. That's the drag.
But I mean,
>> I mean, yeah. uh we have that stock to
thank anyway as well. The fact that
we're trading at about 26,000 is also
because of Alib. But yes, um the es and
flows of markets are hence the same as
the es and flow of life.
>> Ah so poetic
>> there we go I don't know don't want to
get in my head. Uh in fact on Alibaba
itself have a look at where we are
there. So we actually opened uh I think
we're slightly coming off if I'm not
mistaken here. We did touch of course at
one point yesterday the 146 mark on the
price itself and then of course you had
that massive deal that was announced
post US market close little bit of
reaction in the post market this
extension uh going into the session
today and speaking of cash fls right NEO
is one China Pacific in case you missed
that insurance was another one as well
and maybe taking the brunt of the
opposite side of the Alibaba story and
the competition conversation is is is
mate wanted right and I think mccquori
came out yesterday and slash their
outlook on the stock underperform and
currently has the lowest price target
there from Mwtoan at 75.
>> Yeah. When you have a you know Alibaba
throwing
>> hundreds of millions of dollars into
really adding AI enhanced sort of
features.
>> They responded though.
>> Yes. And they responded saying we're
going to do the same.
>> So it just goes to show right there this
rivalry is not really ending anytime
soon when it comes to the food delivery
space as well. And I think you know
these navigation tools are now turning
more into like leisure like type apps
and stuff is is really kind of be an
ongoing theme and and maybe yeah a
reason why Alibaba is going to be
continue to face a lot of pressure and
maybe that's why they are raising all
this cash right now as well. So
certainly that's one thing to watch. Uh
but it was a very interesting sort of
quote uh that we got a report from
Morgan Stanley that just came through in
our inbox here from Laura Wang and her
team. They just came back from a
marketing trip in the US and the amount
of interest from US-based investors they
say is quite remarkable.
>> Yeah, it's the highest level. So the the
the percentage of investors that they've
spoken with over 90% think that they
have expressed their explicit
willingness to increase their skin in
the Chinese market. the highest level to
go to your point going back to early
2021 which is interesting that timing
early 2021 because that year keeps
coming back a lot this week in terms of
superlatives because a lot of the prices
are actually back to those levels and
you know if you uh I guess took a random
sample of what is one Chinese stock and
you asked a pool of US investors my
guess is they would say Alibaba like
that's the first thing that would come
to to their mind
>> well they said it it goes beyond just
buying an ADR right or buying a tech
share they say right? That that there
actually is a little bit more interest
in the ashare market as well because of
all the themes that emerge and they said
you really have to do your individual's
homework on each individual stock
>> because there's so many themes like
humanoid robots now on a company to
company level uh which is quite
interesting as well. Anyways, they still
talk about some concerns in this market
as well. We'll talk a little more about
that. Let's bring in Winnie Shu or Asia
Equities reporter who's tracking all
things for us here today. Let's first
talk about what's leading this sort of
pullback in Hong Kong. Is it all Alibaba
or what else?
>> Yeah, exactly. So I do think that
Alibaba is a key driver because just how
it has led the rally so far in the past
few sessions in Hong Kong. But when you
look at this big convertible bond um
issuance here um overall I think it
really goes to show how uh these
companies are taking advantage of this
hot market right now. Lots of interest
as you mentioned from Morgan Stanley as
well. So they are it really depends on
how investors are taking this in terms
of the purpose of this issuance. Right.
On one hand, you have Alibaba putting
more money into AI. That's that hot
theme there. So longer term, it can be
good. But on the other hand, when it
comes to NEO, then there's a bit more
price pressure around those fronts. So a
bit more concerns around kind of the
financial health over there. So shorter
term overall it does cause a lot of a
little bit of a volatility in the market
just because investors are looking to
reposition and especially after quite a
big rally and rotating potentially away
from these overheated sectors into some
of the laggers that we're seeing in in
the in the overall index. So that's kind
of like a healthy little correction
here. But going forward, we really need
to see like where this money is going to
be positioned in. What what seems to be
consistent largely is just the interest
in AI and chips. So what are you guys
seeing today though?
>> Yeah, lots of interest, right? Because
when you kind of strip away the the the
little correction that we're seeing here
in the Chinese market and look at the
broader Asia market, actually tech is
still leading gains. When you look at
TSMC just came out with the August um
monthly sales data, that actually was
very positive and pushed the stocks up
about 2% or so today, I believe. and
also still very strong um the shares in
Japan as well. Oracle Japan extending
gains after even after uh the news that
came out around Oracle's um outlook as
well. So overall that big theme around
how the AI demand is still solid and
that really is translating into gains in
the relevant supply chains across Asia
as well. So continuously that is going
to be the highlight um of of the the
recent trend we're seeing here.
>> Winnie, thank you. Winnie Shu there, our
Asia Equities reporter, and more now, of
course, on this $3 billion fundraising
plan from Alibaba, which is said, of
course, to be this year's biggest uh
when it comes to convertible bond
issuance, right? Joining us from Taipei
bringing Belle, our tech reporter, on
the details of this, the rationale
behind it, Belle. But I think it just
goes to show, you know, Alibaba is
really digging their heels in this whole
investment cycle when it comes to AI
now.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, it's a
really costly endeavor for the business.
So I think on the one hand and and then
Winnie was just pointing it out there.
It sort of makes sense in terms of the
runup that we've seen in this stock and
and they're sort of looking to take
advantage of that because this is zero
coupon of course. So investors aren't
going to be getting any bomb payments
for it. So that's sort of one of the
reasons this is being looked upon
perhaps favorably. Uh shortterm you know
we're hearing that you can expect more
volatility ahead essentially because
there's arbitrage opportunities that
open up. So you might look to buy that
bond short the stock though in the
meantime. But generally you said you
know it's this sort of idea around AI
and and how the company's going to be
looking to to spend this nearly $3.2
billion 80% is going to be going into AI
20% into the rest of the business but
it's a very very costly endeavor and you
really saw that in the latest reporting
period for instance because you saw
their free cash outflow uh turning to a
negative for the business so down 2.6 or
$2.4 $4 billion. Then you've also got
how much capex, so how much are they
spending in terms of AI and you saw that
tripling in the latest period to more
than $5 billion. Then you've got their
ROI and that's still yes starting to
increase and and investors really like
that story for the business. But even on
an adjusted EBA basis for that period
ending June, they were still only making
just over 400 around $410 million from
their AI efforts. So there's really big
discrepancies here. you've got to spend
to to to to win the race. Try and
increase the user base. That's the big
focus of the company on user base, not
so much on gross margins. But at the
same time, it does cost a lot of money
to do that.
>> Yeah. And it's it's it's coming at a
time when investors perhaps are not as
as as patient in in terms of waiting
for, you know, tangible financial
results, right? And I think you know the
food delivery scene bel to to bring that
in and I wonder what your thoughts are
on that is really one place where
competition is heating up and it's not
clear who is who emerges the win here at
the end of this tunnel.
>> Yeah. Well, I think and you were making
that point earlier that we've sort of
seen for instance getting these
downgrades. They have of course had the
worst numbers in the latest reporting
period and but really as well doubling
down. I mean it's sort of been their
bread and butter business. It's a huge
race. I mean it's between Mtoan,
Alibaba, JD. They're all spending
aggressively. They've all got aggressive
plans as well. And and you saw that as
Ivon was mentioning the the investments
for instance that Alibaba's looking to
make into AAPAs. That's sort of the the
the Google maps equivalent in China, but
has more features and and you've seen
these enhancements through AI that that
you're going to have sort of rankings
now that for for businesses, tourists,
attractions, restaurants, and more. So,
they're essentially offering more
incentives to to users to try and drive
them to the platform. matetoans uh push
back on this. They've also said they're
going to enhance with their own AI
features, roll out more incentives as
well. So, it sort of continues to be
this race to the bottom. Even as you got
government policies, for instance,
really talking about this need to call
anti-involution. It doesn't seem like
companies and then food delivery is one
of the hardest ones to curb are really
heeding any of those calls for now.
>> Yeah, it doesn't look like that's
evident at this point. Bill, thank you
so much, Bill. Annabelle there of course
our tech correspondent in Taipei for us.
Uh just ahead here on shows we'll be
speaking with VC firm and really
furthering AI conversation here. Uh 3C
agi partners on the what opportunities
specific opportunities they're seeking
uh when it comes to AI there plus uh
China Britain Business Council will be
joining us as well as Beijing and London
actually gear up for high level trade
discussions. All those are coming up
here on the China show.
[Music]
Deepseek and Alibaba's Quen have both
gained a lot of traction globally. These
are the top two performing open-source
engines in the world. And there are
others from China. The American open
source is well behind. So while the
whole world may or may not want to use
Chinese software, the fact is that open
source the models are available for you
to take without charge to do whatever
you want and you can uh remove anything
you don't want, add anything you need
and that flexibility, openness actually
gains trust.
Yeah, that was Kyu Lee there out of
Syninovation Ventures, of course, the
chairman and CEO of uh on AI, of course,
speaking with us earlier really at the
UBS conference. In fact, let's head back
there to the UBS disruptive tech uh CEO
summit uh taking place here in the city
and discuss the investment opportunities
in AI with Esther Wong, founder and CEO
of uh 3C AGI partners and AI focused VC
firm. Esther, good morning and thank you
for taking the time to speak with us
today. And it's quite timely actually
because the market is falling in love
with this AI theme over and over again.
And I I I I really wonder whether you
think the market is overestimating or
underappreciating AI. What's your sense
of what's going on overall? Then we can
talk about other things.
>> Sure. Um good morning guys. Thanks for
having me. So yes, there is a lot of AI
play happening right now and um there
are many layers of AI. So we have AI
infrastructure, AI applications and also
a lot of AI data that goes into AI. So I
think when it comes to the overhype, a
lot of it is on the actual use of AI
versus the hype of the promise of AI. So
AI promises a lot of things, but when it
comes to actual implementation,
sometimes people are running in trouble.
So I think there are opportunities in
terms of implementation of AI itself.
>> Okay. tell us a little bit more about
what's the investment landscape looking
like? I mean, I know there's a lot of
money being plowed when it comes to AI
investments as well. How are you seeing
the amount of interest whether it's in
the US or or China right now?
>> Yes, you're absolutely right. There's a
lot of money going to AI investment and
I do believe that um a lot of money
right now is focusing on two aspect. One
is AI infrastructure i.e. things that we
cannot see uh but is fundamental in
terms of laying the foundation for the
AI that will be in place and we'll be
using. Now the other big part is on AI
application. So as an investor
ourselves, we focus a lot on AI
infrastructure and the reason being I
believe that we are in a turning point
in the history of usage of AI where more
AI compute starting from 2025 this year
is pivoting from training of AI to
actual inferencing of AI. So inferencing
of AI is when people actually utilize AI
for various things such as your chbt
such perlexity and we believe that we're
in the AI 2.0 era. So think about AI 1.0
as when AI is trying to figure itself
out and AI 2.0 is when AI is starting to
get really popular like all of us will
have a AI device at uh with us and um AI
3.0 however is when AI is going to be
the primary use of AI itself. So that AI
could be genuinely uh we we enter into
AGI era so to speak. So as an investor,
we believe that there's a lot of
opportunity in terms of fine-tuning the
infrastructure that is needed in the
so-called AI 3.0 era where AI is the
actual use of AI itself.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And Esther talk to us if you could
be more specific hope hopefully you know
you so a lot of people talk about
infrastructure and as someone who's
actually investing in these in the weeds
here in specifics you know people talk
about energy people talk about
hyperscalers for example beyond those
two things are there actually other
things that we should be focused on as
it pertains to this whole infra
infrastructure uh theme in AI
>> sure so the reason that AI
infrastructure is so interesting as you
probably know David is because um AI
accounts for a lot of power right AI
accounts for 4% of the global power in
2024 so at this rate that AI is pivoting
the world could potentially run out of
power and that's why guys like Sam
Almond say that whoever controls power
controls AI now however when we go back
to first principle why is AI taking up
so much power so there are a few reasons
for that and first and foremost the
reason the current way that we're
Building AI is not the most efficient
way of building AI. So that comes into
three buckets of major solutions. Number
one can now all the AI that we're using
right now is based on this so-called
transformer architecture. So are there
ways to make transformer itself lighter
and faster. So on the software side
there are ways to make AI algorithm
itself lighter. So that's one bucket.
The second bucket is a lot of times um
AI is uh running on Nvidia GPU and
that's why Nvidia share price went up 30
times in the last five years but um as
we as I mentioned before we are entering
into a from training era to inferencing
era. So do we have other alternative
hardwares that can also run inferencing
uh that is more suitable for the AI
inferencing era. So the second bucket is
hardware, alternative hardware. And the
third bucket is as you mentioned very
correctly. What about alternative energy
or renewable energy? So nuclear is a
very big part. So those are the three
buckets that as an infrastructure
investor we can look into and dive into
and tons of opportunity there.
>> Esther, I want to talk about some of the
companies that you're focused on. Um
StarCloud CEO this is part of the
infrastructure building data centers in
space.
>> What
>> can you tell us a bit more about why why
space?
[Music]
>> Okay. So yes that goes to the second
bucket when I think about alternative
infrastructure because um as we know
building data center is very very
costly. Stock a project is $500 billion
and why is that? Because it take money
to buy the land. it cost money to build
a building and once the building is
running um 50% of the power actually
goes to cooling itself. So think about
it right space offers a really cool
alternative because first of all you
don't pay for the land you don't pay for
the building and guess what space is
minus 250 degree so cooling is very very
easy as a result and the best part is
solar energy is essentially free in
space so it relieves a lot of the cost
pressure of data center on earth on top
of that of course there's also strategic
reason why we need to um have a spare
alternatives on data center on
traditional planet as well. So I do
believe that um when it comes to actual
running cost by the way space is 70% 70%
lower than running data center on earth.
So we believe that this is the ultimate
sustainable solution.
>> Yeah but we need to get there though. Uh
I guess my question how is this are
there companies right now that have
tangible realistic plans to for all
these things to be actionable? Esther
Absolutely. Now this is a very good
question because of course um as a
previous um as AI practitioner ourselves
we thought about having edge inferencing
with the satellite for many many years
but for the longest time it's not even
possible remotely possible because the
launch cost itself is very very high. So
um then with the emergence of guys like
you know uh uh Starink um SpaceX uh it
actually reduced the launch cost
significantly so that the cost of trial
and error is a lot cheaper and so we
hear about space tech for the longest
time. However I do believe that with the
commercialization of SpaceX you can
think about SpaceX like the Uber of
space then a lot of the space technology
can become fruition can turn to reality.
And I do believe that we are at the
pivoting point of that. So this is very
exciting to witness and um you know we
are the first and as a matter of fact we
will have our first launch u before the
end of this year. So we are very much
looking forward to it. So we partner
with SpaceX on this project.
>> Yeah. Keep us updated and you know I
want to hit a ride to space as well.
Sometimes the troubles at Earth here
>> back on land really give me reason to
look up and hope.
Esther, thank you so much. Esther Wong,
the founder and CEO of 3C uh AGI.
Really, that's a good example of when
your head in the clouds is really not a
bad thing if you think about it. You
look beyond and see the see the
infinity.
>> Efficiencies.
>> Efficiencies. There we go. Big word. All
right. Plenty morehead. This is the
China show.
[Music]
Well, Taiwanese tech giant Advantec is
planned to scale up their US production
to minimize the impact of President
Trump's terrorists. Speaking with us
exclusively from the sidelines of
Semicon Taiwan, the president of
intelligence system sector Linda Zai
also gave us her outlook for the AI
industry.
>> If you look at the semicon in the recent
year, I think the biggest growth driver
is found AI. is drive the semicon growth
especially on the semicon on the
advanced manufacturing and also on the
vase packaging. So if I look at AI
driving the semicon growth because more
you know GPU mpu and connectivity and
even the HBM is required. So we see
semicom growth which mean more fab and
more semicon equipment is needed and
that's drive the advantage business to
growth and in terms of like AI
implementation I see in two different
way right now AI is heavily used on the
high scale training in data center
that's like buying a lots of the Nvidia
server but again it seems 2022
generating AI and I we talk about
physical year early this year. I see AI
at the age just around the corner
especially on manufacturing,
transportation and healthcare and I
think that is also another growth engine
for advent in addition to the growth of
semicount demand on the equipment and
the fab and the other one is AGI in
across a sector of different vertical
tariffs. Yeah, this is a big uncertainty
for a lot of businesses. H how is
advantec facing the questions? I mean
yes maybe products are on the exemptions
list right now but what's your thinking
about if they don't stay on the
exemptions list? Yeah, at this moment um
the product we have most of them are
exception list but we also made some of
the plan is that to increase our
production capacity in USA at this
moment we already have the production
integration center in Mopidas California
and we are going to have the second one
also in California so that will be
double size which mean like we will grow
1 to% more to double size our production
facility in USA. Of course, with this
production facility, um it will
definitely support and help our customer
to minimize the tariff. Even though
right now most of our product in the
category of exception list, but we are
prepared like to increase our
integration in USA.
>> What are the challenges that you face
with with scaling up production in the
US?
>> Okay, good question is about labor,
the skill set of labor. So um what we do
of course we still need to recruit the
skillful engineer and the worker in
production. Secondly related to AI how
can AI help us to be more efficiency
that the small logistic warehouse and
also on the production line. How can we
embed AI with the visual inspection
which mean that we can optimize the AI
technology so that we can I would not
say minimize optimize resource we have
there. So I think AI would definitely
will be very enable very important
enabler for the smart manufacturing for
any company if they want to expand their
production facility in USA.
Yeah, there we go. That was Advante uh
president of intelligent systems sector
Linda with of course B there in in
Taipei. Okay. Uh just before we go for I
take a short break here. Uh chips
speaking of that right we were just
having a conversation there and that's
still the I mean pick your headline from
about 36 48 hours back whether that's
the Oracle story whether that's the
monthly exports coming out of Taiwan
whether that's the monthly sales
numbers. Um kind of TSMC on your screens
as well. 2 and a half%.
Yeah. So the chips are the chip trade
the AI trade generally speaking is still
doing well. SKHEX is at the highest
level in 25 years. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
hang at lunch break in just a moment.
And yeah, we continue to see quite a bit
of tailwinds into this equity market. I
think the the fact that this so AI theme
continues for another day. You have
Advantis that really even market cap has
surpassed the likes of Tokyo Electron
that certainly just goes to show the
demand for AI is still very much there
with those CSMC numbers that came out uh
yesterday as well. So 1% gains from NK25
topics is just up five uh points there.
But yeah, not much movement in the yen
here at 14745. Dave.
>> Yeah, I'm just looking at the at the
bond space just very very quickly
because we had a bond gear auction
yesterday and I think on the 2-year
itself, so we've been talking about the
long ending of the JGB curve as hitting
these multi-year highs. The two-year is
actually quite close as well to hitting
uh some levels that we haven't seen
almost in in several years. So, we'll I
guess we'll we'll talk about that once
if and when when that happens, I guess,
is is the more relevant question there.
Let's stay in Japan. Let's talk about
corporate Japan, though. And of course,
one company that's really been in the
news has been Nissan. And really when it
comes to things like cars and tariffs
and all these things, right? So Nissan
in fact welcomed in the US Japan
breaching this deal to reduce these
tariffs on vehicles and parts imports to
the US. Challenges remain though uh in
managing those levies alongside again
this costly business turnaround uh
that's taking place and the CEO Ivan
Espinosa spoke with us exclusively about
all of that, the impact of tariffs and
the progress of these restructuring
efforts.
We welcome the improvement from the 25%
to the 15% but as you rightly said it's
still higher than what we were operating
with and what we're doing is continuing
our efforts. On one end we are focusing
our marketing efforts on tariff-free
products. So we uh we have two big
manufacturing sites in the north uh in
the United States where we produce uh
you know many Nissan products Pathfinder
QX60 Infiniti uh we produce Morano we
produce our front three pickup Nissan
Ultima. So we have enough product to to
uh you know sell to our customers tariff
free and this is where we're focusing
our marketing efforts. On the other end
uh we're also continuing our efforts of
resourcing some components to improve
the uh the tariff impact that we're
receiving uh from some suppliers and
tier tier end supplier impact and we
will continue the efforts moving
forward.
>> Does that mean that you won't
necessarily need to raise prices and
that does that improve the demand
outlook for the US? Well, we are we're
keeping a close eye on what's happening
in the pricing. Uh, and we will take any
opportunity that we see coming. Uh,
Nissan is we are having a very quick
followower strategy on pricing. So,
monitoring what our larger competitors
are doing and we will take opportunities
as we see fit.
>> The Chinese market very competitive. How
are you fairing and what's the strategy
there?
>> Well, uh, we see a I would say a prudent
improvement or what I will call a we
have prudent confidence. This is how
we're qualifying it because we have
three months of uh year-over-year sales
growth. We just launched uh our N7 which
is a a new energy vehicle that was
designed, engineered and is produced in
China. And this car is helping us drive
the performance up. So we have as I said
3 months year-over-year growth uh and
that's why we are prudently confident
because the performance is good. The
market is very difficult as you said. So
we cannot you know say we are already
out of of the woods. We still need to
continue working, but we have more cars
coming in the pipeline. Uh cars that
were produced, designed and engineered
with the Chinese customer in mind, and
we're confident that they will keep us
driving the success forward.
>> How are you doing on your funding plans?
We understand that you were trying for a
trillion yen when it comes to debt and
asset sales. How much progress have you
made?
>> Well, we uh raised recently around 850
billion yen already. So, what I would
say is that we are very well in track on
the funding. This gives us a lot more
breathing room uh to keep working on the
renissan plan, keep improving our
performance and uh you know we we have a
lot more runway that what we had uh
several months ago. Yeah. And the good
thing is uh it's showing that you know
the confidence of investors in the plan.
It the the fact that they were ready to
place you know this amount of money on
on Nissan is is proof that the the the
plan is solid. It's it's a plan that is
robust and that management we were able
of convincing the market with our
strategy. Yeah. on the details of how
those funds are being raised. We heard
about a syndicated loan coming from uh
backed by the UK. Is that included?
>> It's not included in in the 850 that we
have raised already,
>> but conversations with the UK are
happening.
>> We are we're looking at many options all
the time and uh well, we'll we'll let
you know if if there's anything to add
later on.
>> What could be the timeline for that?
>> At the moment, we are not in a rush to
raise any more funds. uh we have as I
said we have raised 850 billion yen
which is very big part of what we had
intended to do and we are confident with
this amount for the moment.
>> What about asset sales especially these
offices here in Yokohama?
>> Well, nothing to add on that. Uh we
initially looked at many options but we
haven't decided anything. We are in
Yokohama and we will be in Yokohama
always.
>> Uh when it comes to the production here
domestically in Japan, you are ending
them in your flagship Opama plant by
2028, right? Are we going to see any
more closures or reductions here
domestically?
>> Well, in Japan, as as we announced, as I
mentioned in the in the last
announcement, we have finished with the
vehicle production consolidation in
Japan. Nothing else will be done on the
vehicle consolidation side in Japan.
We're still working on some other sites
overseas. Uh we announced also Navaka,
which was also a very difficult decision
to do. Uh but we are on track you know
we are almost done with the with the uh
restructuring plan and we are now in the
stage of moving forward to the future
talking about product and launching all
new cars here in Japan and overseas.
>> What happens to those plants like the
Obama plant?
>> Well, we will see what we what we do to
repurpose them in the future. Nothing to
announce at the moment.
>> Repurposing but not necessarily selling
it.
>> We're open to many options. Yeah.
>> How's your partnership with Renault, the
new CEO especially? He was saying he
wants to see more partnerships globally.
>> Of course. I think you know uh this time
is one of the most exciting times for
the alliance. You know from the outside
uh it looks like we are distancing from
each other but the reality is we this is
a time at which we are collaborating the
most. We have so many cars coming. We
started with the uh with the Renault
5based micro that we just launched uh
which was designed by Nissan but is now
produced by by Renault. Uh and this is
just the beginning of several projects
that we have been working on and uh I've
known Franuis Provo for many years.
We've been working together for quite a
while and we have both the same interest
which is keep building you know win-win
relationship between both companies and
and keep fostering the alliance for the
future.
>> That was Nissan Motor CEO Ivan Espinosa
speaking exclusively with Sherry there.
Coming up we're talking more about China
Britain relations and the like. The
business council there joining us next
to give their take on trade talks
between Beijing and London. Peter
Bernett joins us next. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right. Uh, welcome back. So, we're
moving into this US inflation print
which comes out uh later tonight. Of
course, if you're watching the uh Asia
Pacific and the estimates are coming up
on your screens and sort of the
relevance of this is I think certainly
all roads will always lead to the Fed,
but in this case specifically of course
will lead to not just a September
meeting of the Fed and what they're able
to do uh beyond possibly what's now
being priced fully uh a rate cut and
perhaps beyond is the question.
>> Yeah, not sure if this inflation print
is going to really kind of change
anything. It seems like it's almost 100%
guarantee that we're going to see a rate
cut next year next week from the Fed.
But does it mean, you know, if it's hot,
does it mean they can only cut once this
year? That certainly is the possibility
as well. Um, but yeah, it's going to be
an interesting meeting, right? We have
Lisa Cook
>> who is going to be actually be in this
meeting as well. Um, so there's going to
be a lot of given just the twists and
turns with that sort of legal saga
that's going on as well. But certainly,
uh, there's going to be a lot of
questions on just how hot it was. The
PPI print was benign as some say, but
we'll see if CPI plays ball.
>> Yeah. And I think the uh Adam Wong out
of Bloomberg Economics and her team
actually think it's it is like it likely
will be hot.
>> Yeah.
>> And unfortunately, I'm framing it this
way. It's not because of tariffs, which
perhaps will be the addition in the
future, right? So, right now, it's still
the services part of that. And I think
the argument really for that is the Fed
will really need to take it uh almost
one meeting at a time. In fact, I was
speaking earlier on with a UBS CEO who
joined us early on among many things
that we talked about regulation, we
talked about Asia and Chinese economies
and one of the things the sticking point
for him still I asked him about the
outlook for the global economy and he he
still thinks we haven't actually seen
the impact of tariffs and that's still a
an almost complete unknown for him
despite the fact that things are
actually doing well in the Asia Pacific.
In fact, let's let you know we let's
play out part of that conversation we
had. Sergio joined us here. We talked
about Asian economies. We've talked
about the Chinese outlook. Fairly
robust. He says despite this trade
upheaval because of the tariffs. Yeah.
He spoke with us exclusively
wide-ranging interview including of
course tech, AI and everything in
between. Have a look.
>> It's fair to say that uh also this time
probably there is an exaggeration of the
estimation but is is going faster than
what we saw in the past. But I'm pretty
convinced that we are still
underestimating the impact it will have
over the long term. Uh I think that for
us is is all about really preparing for
the future. Uh the the biggest focus we
have right now is how to uh make our
processes more efficient on the back
end, but also how can we help our client
advisors uh serving uh uh their clients
in a in a more effective and efficient
way, our analysts to to be more uh uh
responsive to market changes. And you
know one one part one point is very
important technology will help humans
being better. And uh in banking we will
continue to see the emotional part the
EQ part of the equation uh playing also
a very important role.
>> You know the bank has been around
through many cycles. I want to get your
sense of this m current macro
environment. I mean we went into this
year with some expectations around how
the macro environment would change and
then we had this flurry of tariffs and
this back and forth and now questions
around how much the Fed can in fact
lower interest rates. What's your sense
of the global economy and where do you
think we will be in in in six months
time? Are we going to be better off or
worse off?
>> Well, look, you know, the issue is that
I I don't think we have seen really the
true impact of tariffs playing out in in
in uh in in in the economies. Of course,
when you look at Asia and China in
particularly, it's fairly robust. Uh you
know, 5%, you know, comfortably about 5%
GDP is is quite quite a strong uh uh uh
um momentum. uh uh uh and uh of course
also China may be impacted by high
tariffs but on the current assumptions
around 40% uh uh considering also that
the waiting of tariffs in uh for
exporter uh has has changed you know in
2017 was probably around 20% of the
exports were going to the US now we are
closer to 14 uh percent of course when
you look at machinery autos and and
technology there is between 40 and 80%
but you know what's going on for example
in this region diversification it's uh
uh it's a very important topic so you
see Asian uh uh becoming much more uh uh
you know developing more uh into a
diversified uh uh uh uh play same is
going on for for you know in Europe uh
the the true issue on tariffs will be
seen on uh on consumers uh in the US we
will need to see exactly uh if there is
an inflationary
aspect of of tariffs.
>> When you speak to your big corporate
clients, do you get a sense that people
are more conservative still in terms of
their assumptions, their capex spending
and just their broad expectations of how
things will will play out?
>> Well, I I think that there is still a
level of uncertainty. Although if you
look at uh the world seems to be divided
into two P the more traditional let's
call it economy and the one that is AI
technologydriven there there is a clear
boom and uh and prospects for for growth
we see it here in in Hong Kong with the
booming IPO market you know this is
something that we we saw on in the best
times and uh but in general uh there is
a constructive momentum but The jury's
out because the complexity is not only
the economics, it's also the very
complex geopolitical environment is is
you know is keeping uh all of us very
focused on uh on making sure that we are
not becoming complacent
>> right and there's this renewed let's put
it healthy competition coming from some
of your Chinese peers in in the
industry. Do you get a sense that the
competition now is a bit is a bit more
fierce. How are you prepared to respond
to all how is UBS prepared to respond to
this uh this new this new regime?
>> Well, I'm I don't remember in my career
times in which competition wasn't
fierce. Uh and uh look, you know, I
think that's uh it's is it's good to see
that uh also uh Chinese securities firms
and banks are uh broadening up their
capabilities. We see us as a
complimentary player in in that sense.
So we are helping uh international
investors that uh wants to invest in in
in China and in Asia and also uh the
other way around. And this is very
complimentary with the rest of of uh of
the industry and the competitive
landscape.
>> And that was a UBS CEO Sergio Arati
there speaking with David exclusively a
little bit earlier on today. to some
other stories that we're tracking for
you today. The FBI has released a person
of interest from custody after
conservative US political activist
Charlie Kirk was killed during an event
at Utah Valley University. The
31-year-old was speaking outdoors when
he was fatally shot. Kirk was a close
ally of President Trump who posted about
the incident on social media and ordered
American flags to be lowered to half
staff until Sunday. Bloomberg has
learned that Poland has requested
additional air defense systems from its
allies to better protect itself against
Russian incursions. It follows the
downing of drones that cross into Polish
territory during Russia's latest air
strike on Ukraine. Sources say Warsaw is
consulting with NATO partners for
further assistance after invoking
article 4 of the alliance treaty. Hong
Kong's legislative has rejected a
legislature has rejected a landmark bill
that would have formally recognized
same-sex partnerships. The move is a
blow for the LGBTQ community and risks
undermining the city's image as an
inclusive hub for international business
and talent. In 2023, a top court ordered
the government to establish laws
recognizing same-sex partnerships. We
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. So, we have UK's new business
secretary Peter Kyle is is in Beijing uh
to hold the country's first trade talks
with China since 2018. It comes as Prime
Minister Kier Starmer is looking to
boost growth in the UK and that's ahead
of Donald Trump's visit to the country
next week.
>> Let's bring in Peter Bernett, chief
executive of China Britain Business
Council, who has been accompanying Kyle
throughout his visit as part of his
business delegation. Uh Peter, it's
great to have you on the program. Uh
obviously it it we talked about it's
it's a seven-year hiatus since we've
seen trade talks of this level. Can you
tell us more how significant this trip
is really and what are some of the
plausible outcomes?
>> I think it's very significant. Uh it's
pretty extraordinary that the country
has not been engaged uh in trade uh and
com commerce discussions um with China
for that period of time frankly um and
it's the second largest economy. It's a
very major trading partner for the
United Kingdom and so it's highly
significant that this should happen and
I think that's reflected in the pretty
warm welcome that uh uh the new business
secretary has received from the
leadership here. Uh he met with Holy Fun
yesterday, vice premier. Um I was very
privileged to be part of that meeting,
part of the delegation. Um and it was a
warm welcome and an encouragement to
deepen ties uh and um to do frankly to
do more trade to see where there are
areas where we can iron out frictions
and improve market access both ways.
>> Peter David here if you could maybe
elaborate more on now that sort of the
warm welcome's been you know behind us
hopefully and uh we can now talk about
the tangibles. Are there any tangible
expectations that you have in terms of
opportunities both ways? of course.
>> So the discussion uh which takes place
in something called the joint economic
trade commission um is scheduled to take
place today in fact. So you've got me
slightly earlier than we've got the
outcomes, but um there was a release
made by uh the UK government just
yesterday morning um which sort of front
runs some of the outcomes if you like.
Um and it refers to a billion pounds
worth of additional uh trading
opportunities.
Um and it highlights some of the areas
where that will happen. Um and uh you
know 2 billion uh pounds worth I'm going
to talk in pounds I'm afraid uh2 billion
pounds worth of gohead
>> uh economic growth over the next 5
years.
>> Uh the business secretary he I believe
he is arriving in China after a trip in
DC. I I'm just wondering there's been a
lot of talk of of the Trump
administration
urging Europe to at least slap what 100%
tariffs on China. Has the UK faced some
sort of pressure in any way to do the
same or you know how does the UK really
deal with these two bilateral
relationships?
>> It's very complex. It's a difficult road
to navigate and um the the way that uh
the UK government is behaving I think
and managing that process has I think
been uh pretty successful so far. Um I I
think when the new government came into
power, there were three priorities on
the international stage. The first one
was to reestablish and renew a sensible
relationship with the EU. The second one
was to continue uh but um renew its
engagement with a changed United States
and the third one was China. And
navigating that route uh has been pretty
difficult. But you know I'm I'm going to
quote you from Lord Palmerston who was a
very famous foreign secretary of the
19th century and he said we have neither
permanent friends nor permanent enemies
we have only permanent interests and I
think that's the modus operandi that the
British government is following which is
to ensure that the decisions it makes
the deals that it concludes the
agreements that it comes to are really
in the best interests of the United
Kingdom economy. So that includes having
a positive engagement in the US and
having a very positive engagement here
in China. So far that seems to be
working. Uh but it is difficult and it
is challenging. Um I don't think so far
there have been you know uh you know
threats or um or or or pressures uh to
do things differently. Uh but it's a
hard it's a hard road to hoe.
Peter, are there any plans for the prime
minister to eventually make a trip here
Star? Do we see him in Beijing at some
point?
>> I hope so. I think the the business
community would very much like that. Um
he's met with Ci Jinping uh at um on a
bilateral basis uh in the G20. Uh he's
had a telephone conversation with him.
Um I think he comes Peter Kyle the new
business secretary was here with
messages uh from Kia Starama. I was in
Shamin
uh uh on Monday and Tuesday at the uh
China international fair for investment
and trade the big civit conference and
there was a letter from Kia Starmer read
out to that conference um which
counterbalance the letter from Xi
Jinping also read out at the opening of
that conference. So um look, I think the
engagement is is there and we all very
much hope that he will be here probably
in the first quarter of next year. We
would encourage that. Uh we think it
will seal uh a really important
development in the relationship.
>> Peter, hope you have a fruitful trip
over there. Thank you. Peter Bernett,
chief executive of the China Britain
Business Council, joining us from our
Beijing studios. We're taking a little a
check here when it comes to markets and
yeah, we continue to watch what the
Alibaba story and what how that is all
evolving here today after announcing
that convertible bond. There you go.
That stock is still down about 1%. I
think we're off some of the lows. Uh but
really uh it just goes to show uh yeah,
it really has dragged down parts of of
Hong Kong. Muan certainly is is
definitely something that to see where
those losses keep deepening. Dave
>> inway due right competition. Uh let me
borrow that second word. Different one
of course out of mate. Uh yeah I mean I
think that's it's that's really dragged
on that and of course speaking of mate
also mulling and considering its first
ever uh tapping of course this is the
bond market specifically here to raise
funds and yeah I mean let's let's build
a cash pile to dig in for competition I
guess.
>> Uh we're looking at port stocks before
we go and before we head off to lunch in
fact and uh we're looking at some
massive gains here. Of course in some
cases this is on the back of this report
that perhaps uh were discussions there
around would it be reduced output anyway
we're looking at the markets reacting
already to that but apart from that um
the AI trend continues across the Asia
Pacific markets are doing actually
better than it was initially thought
early in the morning CSI 300 810 to 1%
that's it from us here on the China show
we'll see you all
[Music]